c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.exe
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.deps.json
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.dll
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.pdb
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.dll
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\firstGame.dll
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.pdb
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\firstGame.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\hee08\Desktop\Kodehode\Backend\C#\1 Projects\Fun Extra Ones\firstGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\firstGame.dll
